# "Browser Check" Campaign
## Pretext
The pretext for this campaign is that the company is requiring all employees to run their "browser check" due to recent vulnerabilities identified in several web browsers. This "browser check" will scan their system for these vulnerabilities.

## Payload
The payload for this campaign is an HTML Application (HTA) that uses VBScript to implant the system. Using a PowerShell one-liner (like those generated with PowerShell Empire and Cobalt Strike) is preferred. HTA payloads are nice because they are executed using the Microsoft-signed `mshta.exe` binary.

## Setup
1. Move `browsercheck.hta` to the server's webroot.
2. Edit `<title>CLIENT HERE</title>` on Line 3 of `browsercheck.hta` to reflect the company's name.
3. Edit `ICON=""` on Line 15 of `browsercheck.hta` to reflect the company's `favicon.ico` file (this should be downloaded from their main website).
4. Edit `strArgs = "powershell.exe"` on Line 31 to reflect the PowerShell one-liner generated by PowerShell Empire or Cobalt Strike.
5. Edit `<p>Company's main logo here</p>` on Line 103 to reflect the company's main logo. This will help add believability to the campaign.

## Optional (but strongly recommended)
1. It is recommended to use a Content Management System (CMS) like WordPress that will serve an "instructions" page with a direct link to the HTA. This "instructions" page should provide instructions to the victim, and can include images if you see fit. This will help with domain categorization (BlueCoat, Palo Alto) if it's manually browsed to.
